Update OpenJ9 CI links in various docs (#12843)
eclipse-openj9/openj9: test/docs/OpenJ9TestUserGuide.md

* implementation the test fails against (JDK_IMPL)
* SDK build that was used by the test (in the console output of the Jenkins job, there is java -version info and a link to the SDK used)

A specific example, [Issue 6555](https://github.com/eclipse-openj9/openj9/issues/6555) Test_openjdk13_j9_sanity.system_ppc64le_linux TestIBMJlmRemoteMemoryAuth_0 crash
we get the following info (captured in the name of the issue):
* TARGET = TestIBMJlmRemoteMemoryAuth_0
* BUILD_LIST = system
* JDK_VERSION = 13

> * JDK_IMPL = openj9 (its implied if the failure was found in openj9 testing at openj9-jenkins.osuosl.org)

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
* JDK_IMPL = openj9 (its implied if the failure was found in openj9 testing at OpenJ9's Jenkins)
```
?
